Remove out of date stuff pt. 1 (#6618)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/default-actions.mdx

id: default-actions
sidebar_label: Default Actions
title: Default Actions

> abstract: Default actions are actions that are built into the dialogue manager by default. Most of these are automatically predicted based on certain conversation situations. You may want to customise these to personalise your assitant.

Reviewer: Check typo ci for these, as its catching the same british english and `assitant` as above

---

> Each of these actions have a default behaviour, described in the sections below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each default action has a default behaviour, described in its section below.
```

In order to overwrite this default behavior, write a [custom action](./custom-actions.mdx)

> whose `name()` method returns the same name as the default action:

Reviewer: Question: how does this work for non-sdk action servers? I guess that the name needs to make it into the registered list of action names from `/actions`?

Author: would say that's not something we need to cover here

  ```python
  class ActionRestart(Action):

    def name(self) -> Text:
        return "action_restart"

    async def run(
        self, dispatcher, tracker: Tracker, domain: Dict[Text, Any]
    ) -> List[Dict[Text, Any]]:

        # custom behaviour

        return [...]
  ```

Add this action to the actions section of your domain file so your assistant knows
to use the custom definition instead of the default one:

  ```yaml-rasa
  actions:
    - action_restart
  ```

## action_listen
This action is predicted to signal that the assistant should do nothing and wait
for the next user input.

## action_restart
This action resets the whole conversation history, including any slots that were
set during it.

It can be triggered by the user in a conversation by sending a
"/restart" message, if the [RulePolicy](./rules.mdx) is included in the model configuration.

> If you define a `utter_restart` response in your domain, this will be sent to the user as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you define an `utter_restart` response in your domain, this will be sent to the user as well.
```

## action_session_start

This action starts a new conversation session, and is executed in the following
situations:
  * at the beginning of each new conversation
  * after a user was inactive for a period defined by the `session_expiration_time` parameter in the domain's

> [Session configuration](./domain.mdx#session-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[session configuration](./domain.mdx#session-config)
```

  * when a user sends a "/session_start" message during a conversation

> The action will reset the conversation tracker, but not clear any slots that were set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The action will reset the conversation tracker, but by default will not clear any slots that were set.
```

        return events
```

## action_default_fallback

This action undoes the last user-bot interaction and sends the `utter_default` response if it is defined.
It is triggered by low action prediction confidence, if you have this [fallback mechanism](./fallback-handoff.mdx) enabled.

## action_deactivate_loop

This action deactivates the active loop and resets the requested slot. This is used when
[handling unhappy paths in forms](./forms.mdx#writing-stories--rules-for-unhappy-form-paths).

## action_revert_fallback_events

:::caution Deprecated!
The `action_revert_fallback_events` action is deprecated since the 2.0 release.
The [`action_two_stage_fallback`](./default-actions#action_two_stage_fallback) action

> now handles all [two-stage fallback behaviour](./fallback-handoff.mdx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
now handles all [two-stage fallback behaviour](./fallback-handoff.mdx).
```

This action undoes the last user-bot interaction and sends the `utter_default` response if it is defined.
It is triggered by low action prediction confidence, if you have this [fallback mechanism](./fallback-handoff.mdx) enabled.

## action_deactivate_loop

This action deactivates the active loop and resets the requested slot. This is used when
[handling unhappy paths in forms](./forms.mdx#writing-stories--rules-for-unhappy-form-paths).

## action_revert_fallback_events

:::caution Deprecated!
The `action_revert_fallback_events` action is deprecated since the 2.0 release.
The [`action_two_stage_fallback`](./default-actions#action_two_stage_fallback) action
now handles all [two-stage fallback behaviour](./fallback-handoff.mdx)
:::

## action_two_stage_fallback

This is a fallback loop that can be used to handle low NLU confidence. Read more about
[handling low NLU confidence](./fallback-handoff#handling-low-nlu-confidence).

## action_default_ask_affirmation

This action is used by the `action_two_stage_fallback` loop. It asks the user to confirm
the intent of their message. This action can be customised to be more personalised
to your specific use case.

> <!-- TODO: should we show how to personalise this here? -->

Author: @erohmensing thoughts?

Reviewer: Oops I missed this one. I think maybe we could link to the actions file (not a specific line bc itll move) but "for example the rasa demo bot <link> overrides `action_default_ask_affirmation` to provide nice button titles for intents, taking entities into account

or something like that?.
